So, guys, now let us see that how our application can make use of this comparison function, call
back so that the application can program the list to store and organize the data in the sorted order.
Right.
So you can see that I am opening the file application DOT see, which represents our application.
And we have already discussed the implementation of this student comparison function.
So let us instead of a jump to the main function, so its main function, what we are doing, we are
simply creating student records.
Now this time we have created for student records and then we have created a list, just all these phone
records.
Now you can see that in this line, the application is doing the registration of comparison function
with the library.
So in other words, the application is teaching or giving the intelligence to the library to how to
compare the two objects of type student.
And after that, the application is now inserting student objects in a list.
Now, you can see that in order to insert the data, we are invoking the function dial priority insert
data.
So this function will take the responsibility to insert the object in a linked list at appropriate position
so that the linked list builds up in the sorted order.
So you can see that this is the implementation of this function and this function, make use of this
comparison function callback, which is provided by the application in order to compare the object that
is being inserted with the object that is held by the Lord of the list.
So that I see the demonstration.
So you can see that I'm compiling the program using make and simply run the executable.
So you can see that the records are added in the linked list library in the sorted order as per our
criteria.
Right.
You can compare the records in which they are displayed here with the sequence in which the records
were inserted into the list.
So you can see that whenever there is a tie on the basis of name, then the record with the lesser its
value would appear first in the linked list.
Right, because we have written our comparison function with this logic.
So the takeaway is that we can register the companies and function in order to build our data structure,
such as link list trees in the sort of manner.